song shake congratulations since you
played one of the best warcraft 3
players on the planet before going into
the semi-final did you see yourself as a
winner before before I play gasps moon I
was in very good shape yesterday two
days ago right in group stage so I was
expecting to win moon like 31 32 yeah
but today I couldn't sleep well and I
have some stomach ache inside so I'm not
in shape I'm not in bad shape today but
I stay 1 i'm so glad about that which
map was the most difficult one in the
game which one first came on TR you know
why
he was close game at first and I both
have a lot of expansion on home at long
game you know I don't like this kind of
this kind of game but Boone is really
strong in this case you know so I had a
hard time to take the win on this map in
the other semi-final there is grubby and
there is Lynn who is a more difficult
opponent for you both our best bet
soccer player in the world so I don't
care maybe 5050 balls who do you think
will win in the other semi-final it's
hard to say what's gonna win you know
then grubby one in NJ planner and then
one grubby last events so it can be 50
50 or so but two days ago you beat Lynn
and if they are 5050 should we think
that you will win the final you can
expect that yeah I hope so do you think
the fans should think okay reminds going
to be the winner in Shanghai I can say
that i came in okay well i wish you that
anything you have to say to your fans
tense for watching me enjoy my game and
I hope you guys support warcraft 3 as
long as
what about starcraft two are you going
to switch I don't have any plan to
switch my cam yet maybe one or two years
I guess and one last thing it's a
running joke already you know Kevin
Rotterdam is commentating in the studio
in Germany warcraft 3 do you have
anything to say to him yes it's been so
long I didn't see him in a frenemy of
Ryan events are you to see him casting
in Oprah an event like in Korea China
before I I miss him so much it's nice
guy and cool you know thank you very
much thank you